I'll use the function I wrote earlier as a starting point since that will be
the code to calculate the hourly entries and exits for a single group.
This time I've named the function hourly_for_group.
Now, the first thing you'll need to do is group the ridership DataFrame by unit.
As usual, this gives the DataFrameGroupBy object.
Now, it might seem logical to apply the hourly_for_group function at this point.
However, if I try this,
I get a message that says,
"TypeError: unsupported operands type(s) for -: 'str' and 'str'."
The reason this is happening,
is Pandas is trying to apply the hourly_for_group function to
each column of the DataFrame including the unit and time columns.
Since these columns contain strings,
the function doesn't work on them.
You can't subtract a string from a string.
To fix this, I need to select just the entries
and exits columns before applying this function.
Once I've done that, the function works as expected.
This time, I see two rows of NaNs,
one for each station.
That's because for each station,
there was one row where there was no previous row to compare it to.